# SAP and Azure integration demo with Microsoft Teams 
SAP and Azure demo to demonstrate a basic integration scenario with Microsoft Teams.

# Introduction 
The intention of this demo is to demonstrate a basic scenario for integrating or displaying SAP ERP data into a Teams channel or an e-mail generated by Outlook. 
This can be conveniently achieved by consuming OData-services of the SAP Netweaver Gateway Server with a Logic App. 
To make this demo reproducible, the public SAP Gateway demo system [E5]( https://blogs.sap.com/2017/12/05/new-sap-gateway-demo-system-available/) was used. 

Ideally this first demo is an inspiration for more advanced Modern Workplace integration demos, creating a Teams based chatbot to communicate with SAP would be the first idea. 

 
# Prerequisites 

Optional: 
For testing the SAP OData-services my recommendation is to utilize Visual Studio Code and the corresponding .
[REST Client extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humao.rest-client)


Basic knowledge how to install Visual Studio Code and the corresponding REST client extension is a prerequisite. 
The REST client is required to acquire the JSON payload later used for parsing the JSON in the Logic App. 

To implement this demo Visual Studio Code is not mandatory, the generated payload for this specific service is stored in GitHub for your convenience.   

Mandatory: 

As well as user for the SAP community is required and can be registered [here](https://www.sap.com/community/resources/registration-and-profile.html). 

This SAP community user is the prerequisite to register aE5 demo system user. 

Basic knowledge how to create an empty Logic App as a prerequisite too since this is not coved in this tutorial. 

